X-Frame-Options: indicates whether a browser is allowed to render a page in <frame>,<iframe>,<embed> or <object>. also used for avoiding click-jacking attacks.

X-XSS-Protection: used for detecting reflected XSS attacks.

X-Content-Type-Options: indicate that the MIME types given in the COntent-typr headers should be followed.

Referrer-Policy: controls how much referrer information should be included with the requests.

Content-Type: indicates the original media type of the resource

Cache-Control: defines how responses are cached in browsers and intermediate caches.

Set-Cookie: sends a toke nto the user agent from the server so it can send it back to the server later.

Strict-Transport-Security: instructs browser to only use HTTPS

##Content-Security-Policy:
- used to specify the origin of content that is allowed to be loaded on a website.
- introduces directives: default-src 'self' ; img-src 'self' example.com; object-src ; embed-src.
- default-src 'self' ensures that the origin of all the web resources is the same.
- img-src example.com ensures the images loaded into the browser are from example.com.
- object-src is used for defining the source of the website objects.
- embed-src is used for defining the source of the embedded content.
- we can use these directives to block these objects by setting them to none.

Access-Control-Allow-Origin: allows a resource in siteA to be accessible by siteB.

Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy: ensures a top-level document does not share a browsing context group with cross-origin documents.

Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy: prevents a document from loading any cross-origin resources that don't explicitly grant the document permission.

Permissions-Policy: allows to control which origins can use which browser features, both top-level page and in embedded frames.

Server: described the software used by the origin server that handled the request(basically the server that generated the response)

X-Powered-By: describes the technology used by the webserver.

X-AspNet-Version: provides info about .NET version.

X-AspNetMvc-Version: same as X-AspNet-Version.

X-Robots-Tag: conrols how search engines and other automated crawlers index and display non-HTML resources.

X-DNS-Prefetch-COntrol: controls DNS prefetching.

Content-Disposition: attachments: to force download instead of inline rendering

Content-Type: application/octet-stream: used for unknown or binary files.

X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff: to prevent MIME type sniffing.
